[Autogenerated] All right, We're back in commands dot Txt.
And we are ready to deploy this terra form configuration.
First thing we do is fill out the bucket name and the dynamo DB table.
I'm gonna grab the bucket name and paste it in here,
and we'll scroll over to the Dynamo DB table.
Go ahead and grab that from a Notepad file I have open.
There we go.
All right, so we've got that set up.
We're using the seam S3 bucket that we used for the previous exercise.
Go ahead and open up the terminal down below and well
paced in this initialization command.
There we go.
So it'll set up the S3 back end.
Download those plug ins for us,
and then we will go ahead and run Terra form plan.
All right, Got terra form plan.
Go ahead and run that.
Okay?
It has successfully run our plan, and lastly, we will run the Terra form.
Apply now.
Fortunately,
this won't take nearly as long as setting up the database
because it's really just creating a lambda function and the
Dynamo DB table and then updating with those network interfaces
in the VPC while it's creating.
Let's go over to the console and we can.
Look at what's going on with our CloudFormation stack.
All right, here we are in the console and we're looking at CloudFormation.
We've got a stack that is create in progress.
We can Click through on that stack and go to events.
We can see the at it started to roll through, creating some of the resources.
The Dynamo DB table is complete.
We scroll up.
It looks like the Lambda role is complete and it looks
like the land of function is in progress.
So let's go over to the land of service and I'll open it up.
In a separate tab.
We could see we have one lambda function.
It's still being configured,
but if we scroll down here and go past the function code,
we'll get to the VPC Info and we can.
See, it's using the Dev VPC.
That's what we wanted in the sub nets.
We can.
See, it's using the two public sub nets.
That's what we wanted and it's using the Lambda Security Group.
So that's awesome.
It was able to integrate with our existing Dev vpc for this function.
If we go back to CloudFormation and now we can see the at
the land of function creation is complete,
which means that the entire stack is done creating.
So we're all set.
That stack should be done.
If we go back to Terra form we can.
See,
it successfully completed its run and it has the template output
here of the function are in and the table name.
So it looks like everything was deployed successfully. We used that CloudFormation template to deploy a stack using terra form.